= fluid-time

Stop formatting time like a C-anderthal.  Craft human readable time formats like building a sentence.

```ruby
FluidTime.new.month.hour.tc.minute.tc.second
FluidTime.new(Date.today).weekday.month.year
```


```ruby
> FluidTime.demo
FluidTime.new.   to_time.to_s                      Tue Apr 10 21:46:11 -0700 2012
FluidTime.new.   to_date.to_s                                          2012-04-10
FluidTime.new.   A.tday.weekday.to_s                      Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday
FluidTime.new.   weekday.up.to_s                                          TUESDAY
FluidTime.new.   b.mmm.smonth.to_s                                    Apr Apr Apr
FluidTime.new.   B.month.to_s                                         April April
FluidTime.new.   c.to_s                                  Tue Apr 10 21:46:11 2012
FluidTime.new.   full.to_s                               Tue Apr 10 21:46:11 2012
FluidTime.new.   d.day.num.dd.to_s                                    10 10 10 10
FluidTime.new.   e.mday.to_s                                                10 10
FluidTime.new.   mmm.d.th.year.to_s                                   Apr 10 2012
FluidTime.new.   year.mmm.d.th.to_s                                   2012 Apr 10
FluidTime.new.   H.h24.hour24.to_s                                       21 21 21
FluidTime.new.   I.h12.hour.hour12.to_s                               09 09 09 09
FluidTime.new.   l.to_s                                                         9
FluidTime.new.   j.yday.day_of_year.to_s                              101 101 101
FluidTime.new.   m.mm.mon.month_of_year.to_s                          04 04 04 04
FluidTime.new.   M.min.minute.to_s                                       46 46 46
FluidTime.new.   p.am.pm.to_s                                            PM PM PM
FluidTime.new.   time.xs.p.down.to_s                                   09:46:11pm
FluidTime.new.   S.sec.second.to_s                                       11 11 11
FluidTime.new.   U.th.txt('week').to_s                                    15 week
FluidTime.new.   W.th.tc.ts._('min').to_s                                 15, min
FluidTime.new.   w.to_s                                                         2
FluidTime.new.   x.autodate.to_s                                04/10/12 04/10/12
FluidTime.new.   X.autotime.to_s                                21:46:11 21:46:11
FluidTime.new.   date.to_s                                             04/10/2012
FluidTime.new.   time.to_s                                               09:46:11
FluidTime.new.   y.yy.sy.to_s                                            12 12 12
FluidTime.new.   Y.year.to_s                                            2012 2012
FluidTime.new.   Z.zone.timezone.to_s                                 PDT PDT PDT
FluidTime.new.   txt('01').xz.to_s                                              1
FluidTime.new.   txt('1:00').xz.xs.pm.lower.zone.to_s                     1pm PDT
FluidTime.new.   _('braces').lb.lp.lc.rc.rp.rb.to_s                  braces[({})]
FluidTime.new.   _('symbols').lb.tp.ts.tc.ts.tn.ts.td.rb.to_s    symbols[. , : -]
FluidTime.new.   _('symbols').lb.sp.ss.sc.ss.sn.ss.sd.rb.to_s    symbols[. , : -]
FluidTime.new.   db.to_s                                      2012-04-10 21:09:11
```

== Contributing to fluid-time
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Steve Lawson. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

